well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about what
the president apparently plans to do
this week the president
is currently donald j trump
it has been said kind of indicated that
he intends on
leaning into this whole little thing he
has going on with the social media
companies
as a way of changing the story as a way
of distracting from the giant mess that
he created
he intends on framing it as a first
amendment issue
so let's just go ahead and get out in
front of this
what is the purpose of the bill of
rights what was it designed to do
protect us the people either
individually
or as a collective or the states
either individually or as a collective
from the federal government so
if you happen to be a senator or
representative
or hypothetically speaking the chief
executive
of the federal government it's going to
be really
hard to genuinely frame something as a
first amendment
issue the goal of the bill of rights
is to protect us the people from the
government
not protect the government from the
people
none of these private entities have to
platform president trump
none that's not a thing
that's not a first amendment issue i
don't know that twitter
actually can violate someone's first
amendment rights
on their own i would think
they need the federal government or
a state government somebody to step in
and
compel them to do it i don't know that
it's actually
possible for them to violate somebody's
first amendment rights
as is usually the case the president
when he is talking about the
constitution appears to be so wrong
that he has it literally backwards i
would suggest
that the president's attempt to force
a private entity to carry his message
is actually the first amendment
violation
put this into any other time period take
it out of
today where you have social media
this would be the equivalent of the
president
requiring every newspaper in the country
to carry his message
that's wild that sounds like something
some two-bit dictator would want
doesn't sound like something that should
happen in the united states
it's a private entity it does not have
to carry the president's message
period full stop
as chief executive
he uh he's going to have a real hard
time making this case
legally but that doesn't mean he can't
attempt to create
fake outrage about it and change the
story
distract from what happened at the end
of the day
the president of the united states
allowed
the capital to fall that's the story
i would suggest that that's an important
enough story
that it shouldn't be replaced by the
president
having his feelings hurt because he
can't tweet
those things don't seem to be on the
same level
those things don't seem like the same
level of importance
do not allow yourself to be distracted
by this don't get sucked into this
he is very good at manipulating the
media
and manipulating people's emotions and
changing the story
the president of the united states
allowed
the capital to fall that's the story
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day